# CrewAI Agentic Example

This example code demonstrated an "Agentic" code generation and testing assistant.

I've adapted the basic example generated by the ```crewai create crew <your name>``` command, powered by [crewAI](https://crewai.com), by including the code interpreter tool, which  useful for testing the generated python code. This requires Docker, as the tool runs in a container.

## Installation

Ensure you have Python >=3.10 <3.13 installed on your system. This project uses [UV](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/) for dependency management and package handling, offering a seamless setup and execution experience.

First, if you haven't already, install uv:

```bash
pip install uv
```

Next, navigate to your project directory and install the dependencies:

(Optional) Lock the dependencies and install them by using the CLI command:
```bash
crewai install
```
### Customizing

**Add your `OPENAI_API_KEY` into the `.env` file**

- Modify `src/python_ai_developer/config/agents.yaml` to define your agents
- Modify `src/python_ai_developer/config/tasks.yaml` to define your tasks
- Modify `src/python_ai_developer/crew.py` to add your own logic, tools and specific args
- Modify `src/python_ai_developer/main.py` to add custom inputs for your agents and tasks


## Running the Project

* Update the ```programming_problem.txt``` file to describe the programming problem you want to solve.
* To initiate your crew of AI agents and begin task execution, run this from the root folder of your project:
```bash
$ crewai run
```
This command initializes the python-ai-developer Crew, assembling the agents and assigning them tasks as defined in your configuration.

This example, unmodified, will run the create two files:
* `test_results.md` file with the output of test results,
* `generated_code.py` generated code.

You should be able to run the `generated_code.py` as-is.

